DRIVERS-2985: Allow on-demand client metadata updates after MongoClient initialization. (#1798)
mongodb/specifications: source/mongodb-handshake/handshake.md

}
```

> Note that how these options are provided to a driver during `MongoClient` initialization is left up to the implementer.

Reviewer: Is this any less true for the new API?  I'm not sure it is since we don't specify a method signature below. If you agree that it holds true for the new API, then this change could be reverted.

Author: Agreed, this still applies to the new API interface. I’ve reverted the change.

### Metadata updates after MongoClient initialization

Drivers MUST provide an API that allows appending `DriverInfoOptions` to a MongoClient instance after initialization.

After client metadata update, drivers MUST apply updated metadata to newly created connections. Drivers MUST NOT apply

> updated metadata to already established connections, nor create new connections solely for the purpose of transferring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updated metadata to already established connections, create new connections, or close existing connections solely for the purpose of transferring
```

}
```

Note that how these options are provided to a driver during `MongoClient` initialization is left up to the implementer.

### Metadata updates after MongoClient initialization

> Drivers MUST provide an API that allows to append `DriverInfoOptions` to a MongoClient instance after initialization.

Reviewer 2: "...that allows to append..." reads weirdly to me? not sure if its just me or not though. Its possible my brain just isn't parsing it correctly? I think my brain wants it to be "...that allows <a noun> to append..."

Author: Yeah, you're right -` that allows to append` is not correct. Originally, it was supposed to be `that allows wrapping libraries to append`. However,  I changed it to `that allows appending` to keep it more general and avoid specifying "users" or "wrapping libraries". Let me know what you think!

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this is much better. (upon re-reading, realized my suggestion at the end makes no sense because i wrote the same thing HAHA sorry for the confusion) thanks!

After client metadata update, drivers MUST apply updated metadata to newly created connections and MUST NOT apply it to
already established connections.

### Appending metadata

If `DriverInfoOptions` are provided during or after MongoClient initialization, these options MUST NOT replace any
existing metadata values, including driver-generated metadata and previously provided options. The provided options MUST
be appended to their respective fields, and be delimited by a `|` character. For example, when
[Motor](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/motor/) wraps PyMongo, the following fields are updated to include Motor's
"driver info":

```typescript

> { 

Reviewer 2: is this white space change intentional?

Author: Removed in https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/pull/1798/commits/5ce8b92fceb7363c8ed10f142e857c474fef6dd9, thanks!

Note that how these options are provided to a driver is left up to the implementer.

### Metadata updates after MongoClient initialization

> Drivers MUST provide an API that allows appending `DriverInfoOptions` to a `MongoClient` instance after initialization.

Reviewer 3: We usually give an example API (or at least function signature) that implementors can reference. Could we add that here?

For example, see how startSession is documented: https://github.com/mongodb/specifications/blob/master/source/sessions/driver-sessions.md#mongoclient-changes
